Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Not my choice...
I was not...
I was not born to
be a woman by choice!
I cannot forget the fact that your
selfishness exposed Griffith to lethal danger!
I don't care if you drop
dead somewhere in battle!
But, I will never forgive you if
you ruin the Hawks, Griffith's dream!
And I can't forgive you for
making Griffith change like he has...
Why?
Why did he choose you?
Why you?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Prepared for Death
What's the matter?
Are you giving up?
Oh brother, a woman
can be such a nuisance.
A woman has no strength and is
liable to go into a frenzy over nothing.
Not only that, but
you're on your period.
At any rate, women
just aren't cut out for war.
You know nothing about women!
Of course not, I'm a
man, so how could I know?
What I do know is that
we don't have the time...
...to be stranded here by your
woman's problem any longer.
The enemy doesn't care about your
condition, or if you are a woman or not.
On second thought, could they
be happy that you're a woman?
Let's move!
What the hell?
Hey, is this a breeding
ground for swarms of mosquitos?
I found you.
I am glad you are alive, kid!
Hey old man, you're
looking pretty good yourself.
Shut up!
Even though it was a fluke, a little
bastard like you caused me some real trouble.
I, a proud knight of Chuder, could not
bear to die without rectifying such a problem!
Oh, really?
I'm not going to let you die easily.
I will haul you off as a captive
and expose you to hell on earth.
You'll enjoy a secret torture technique,
the hundred year Monzetsu Goroshi...
...that has been passed down through
the Coborlwitz family for 200 years!
You're the type who holds a grudge.
It's fine if you
surrender without protest!
But if you want to cross us...
...we'll chop off your arms along
with any other body parts we like!
All I need is for you to be alive.
As for the woman, we will make her
a plaything for my soldiers right here!
I have to suggest
that you don't try that.
She is a truly scary woman.
She'll rip you to shreds.
How dare you joke around with me!
Beat them down!
I don't need your help anymore!
Great!
Damn!
They are only two of them!
Don't hesitate!
Overwhelm them in a single charge!
They are
incompetents, every one of them.
Samson!
Here, Big Brother!
Assistant commander of the Blue
Whale Super Strong Heavy Assault Knights...
Samson!
He is my younger brother and the
second strongest warrior in my entire unit!
Additionally, Samson's armor is three
times as thick as anyone elses'!
Even if he's buried under an avalanche,
he would be absolutely indestructible!
On top of all that, his iron ball can
crush a buffalo's head flat in a single blow!
If a man gets hit squarely by it, there
will be nothing left but a piece of flesh!
Now, I give you no quarter!
Have them experience firsthand...
...the esteemed techniques
of the Coborlwitz family!
A sword would be smashed if it
tried to block his attacks directly.
What should we do?
He knocked it back?
I can't believe it...
He's beating back every
blow from Samson's iron ball...
Oh, I see!
He cannot afford to try and dodge the
blows because of their incredible speed!
No...
With Guts' skill...
...he should be able to evade it and
then rush forward with his sword drawn.
There's no need for him to
damage his sword like that...
He's protecting me...
He's injured...
The arrow wound
I inflicted upon you when...
...you were trying to protect that
woman, it seems to be bothering you!
Quit your dawdling!
He's been injured!
Finish him off quickly!
Hey!
I'll clear the way for you...
...and then you sprint for the woods.
But...
What the...
S-Samson...
Now!
Get away from here!
Get your ass moving!
Run!
But...
What are you doing?
Go right now!
No way...
I just can't...
I won't leave without you!
Shoot!
Aim for the woman and kill her off!
Foolish!
You repeatedly get wounded
on behalf of a mere woman.
How stupid you are!
Why?
Don't mistake my meaning...
A sickly person is of no use
here, so I want you to get lost.
It's not my nature to evade the enemy.
Besides, I've got to get
even with that sniveling bastard.
As you said, maybe I'm
content just wielding my sword...
But you're different, right?
Do you want to die in a place like this?
Do you want to die a
meaningless death in this little skirmish?
Has the wish you hold in your
heart rotted away that much?
A sword is to be put into a sheath.
Go back to the
sheath your master holds.
Go back to Griffith.
Go back to the
sheath your master holds.
Go back to Griffith.
Hurry up!
Run!
Go!
Get out of here!
I promise to return with our comrades!
Don't die until then!
Don't let her get away!
Get her and kill her off!
You shouldn't go chasing around
women until after you get your work done...
...you scheming cowards!
You bastard!
W-What a man!
He beats armored men as if
they were cherries to be picked.
It's unbelievable, but a man
drops every time he swings his sword!
I didn't know that such a man
existed among the enemy lines.
My sword is blunt,
the blade has gotten dull.
However, it's three times as thick
and three times as heavy as any other.
Just hope you die when I hit
you, or you'll be in lots of pain.
You son of a bitch!
Look here!
You all stop dawdling right now!
Though he is skilled, the
enemy is only one wounded man!
He won't come to
much if we surround him!
We number one hundred men!
Get him!
Don't talk nonsense.
Is there anyone who wants
to take revenge for Samson?
No one wants to.
Are you all really
proud knights of Chuder?
Actually, us over here are mercenaries.
I will pay triple the reward I
promised, if someone beheads him...
No wait, I'll even
increase the amount by five...
And, I'll guarantee your
promotion to battalion commander!
F-Five times the reward...
What should we do?
Naturally, we've got to give it a shot.
It looks like he can't move
around too much with that wound.
It'll be okay if we get a group
of five men or so to challenge him.
What are you bitching about?
I'm leaving then.
Yeah, mercenaries have to
be like this, they never learn.
Do they?
Pursuers?
Four...
No, there are five...
Dig!
Pull yourself together!
Dammit, that bitch...
Get her!
What are you doing?
Kill him at once!
We did it!
Good!
We've crippled his left hand now!
He won't be able to wield
his huge sword so easily.
Beat him!
Now it's getting interesting.
This is the end...
I can't run anymore...
Oopsie, I bet you'd like
to get your hands on that.
You put us through a lot of trouble, girl.
We can put you out
of your misery soon, but...
A whole bunch of my
comrades were killed by you, so...
Before killing you off, I've
got to thank you for that.
Don't glower at me like that.
I'm offering you all the fun you want
right before setting out for the afterlife.
You should show me some gratitude.
Well, well...
What's wrong, are you embarrassed?
I don't care if you command
a thousand men in battle or not.
But now, look at you, you
don't seem to be resisting me at all.
I'm unable to push this bastard aside...
My...
My arm is so powerless...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Everyone has a flame burning in their heart,
which cannot be extinguished. Next Episode
Everyone has a flame burning in their
heart, which cannot be extinguished.
In the flicker of the flame,
there is a brilliance to be found.
It burns on ambition, it warms the
heart, and it reduces feelings to ashes.
The question arises...
Will the flame of fate ever be
extinguished as long as man lives?
Bonfire of Dreams
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-